# das-EzBooruTagEditor
I created this app to speed up and facilitate in the best possible way, at least until I notice some significant improvement, the management of Booru-style tags. The main use of this type of tag for me is in the fine-tuning of Stable Diffusion models, where the tags have even greater importance than the actual image dataset.

I'm making the final adjustments and tests before making the code publicly available. The code is quite large and relatively complex, but due to the fact that it deals with a low data flow, I kept it entirely in a single file, to avoid complicating what can be easy.

Operation:
- From the home screen, select the folder where the images and their respective text files (.txt) are located.
- The list on the left will be populated with all the text files in the folder that have an image with the same name.
- Clicking on an item in the list will display the image in the center of the interface, and the tags will be displayed on the right. This application does NOT have the functionality to automatically generate tags; it only manages existing tags and allows for the manual addition of tags, one by one.
- To delete a tag, just click on it once to select, and a second time to delete.
- If you accidentally delete one or more tags, just click on 'Undo', or use 'Ctrl+Z'.
- To add a tag, just write it in the text box next to the "Add Tag" button, and then press the respective button, or press "Enter." If the tag is unique, it will be added to the list of unique tags, if it shares any word with another tag, it will be grouped with it, or included in an existing group.
- Navigation between images can be done by clicking on the files in the list, using the up and down arrow keys on the keyboard, and also with the mouse scroll. For the mouse scroll to work for navigating between images, the cursor must be inside the central image frame.
- To save the changes, press Save or use Ctrl+S.
- The app has a functionality to group tags that contain the same words, such as "blue hair" and "white hair." This is intended to facilitate the removal of redundant and incorrect tags that are generated by automatic generators.
Note: In case of the existence of "blue hair," "white hair," "blue gloves," and "white jacket," the tags will be grouped more than once: "blue hair" with "blue gloves," and "blue hair" with "white hair," but when removing "blue hair," the tag will be removed from both groups. The duplication is just to facilitate analysis.
- The changes are not made in real-time, so if you make a big mistake, just move forward or backward to another image.
- Since the changes are not made in real-time, any modifications made that are not saved BEFORE switching to another image will be lost. I plan to add a feature in the future that will save the modifications in the app's memory so they won't be lost when switching images.
